Add documentation about replica retries. (#61125)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/index-modules/indexing-pressure.asciidoc

components of {es} also require memory. Setting this limit too high can deny
operating memory to other operations and components.

[discrete]
[[replica-resilience]]
=== Replica resilience

> When a replica is unable to process a new indexing request, the replica is marked

Reviewer: This suggest that the replica has received the indexing request. I wonder if this should be restated as "Replication resilience", i.e. the process of replicating the data from the primary to the replica.

> When a replica is unable to process a new indexing request, the replica is marked
> as failed by Elasticsearch. In order to minimize unnecessary replica failures in
> the face of transient failures (memory limits, circuit breaking, network
> disconnects, etc) the primary will retry replica requests. The retries will be
> attempted with exponential backoff until a configurable timeout is hit. Once the
> retries timeout, the replica will be failed.
> 
> If the master chooses to fail the replica for other reasons during the retries, the
> retry attempts will be cancelled.

Reviewer 2: Rewording to remove redundancy and avoid future tense.
```suggestion
To minimize replica failures due to transient issues such as memory limits,
circuit breaking, or network disconnects, primary shards retry unsuccessful
indexing requests sent to replicas. These retries continue with an exponential
backoff until a configurable timeout is hit. Once the timeout is hit, {es} marks
the replica as failed. If the replica fails for another reason during retries, the 
primary shard stops further retry attempts.
```

Reviewer 2: It may be helpful to mention the settings by name here.

  this limit is reached or exceeded, the node will reject new coordinating and
  primary operations. When replica operations consume 1.5x this limit, the node
  will reject new replica operations. Defaults to 10% of the heap.

[discrete]
[[replica-resiliency-settings]]
=== Replica resiliency settings

`indices.replication.initial_retry_backoff_bound`::

>   The initial backoff bound for a replica retry. The first retry will be a

Reviewer: replication retry

>   The initial backoff bound for a replica retry. The first retry will be a
>   randomly generated period bound by this value. Defaults to 50ms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Initial backoff bound for a replica retry. The first retry is a
  randomly generated period, bound by this value. Defaults to `50ms`
  (50 milliseconds).
```

`indices.replication.retry_timeout`::

>   The timeout period for a replica retries. Defaults to 60s.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Timeout period for a replica retries. Defaults to `60s` (60 seconds).
```

>   The timeout period for a replica retries. Defaults to 60s.

Reviewer: id  here
